[theme music]
♪♪ Monkie Kid! ♪♪
♪♪ Familiar tales
New adventures ♪♪
♪♪ Monkie Kid! ♪♪
♪♪ The powers of the king
Rest in his hands ♪♪
♪♪ When evil surrounds him
He'll rise up against them ♪♪
♪♪ And show them
Who's the Monkie Kid ♪♪
♪♪ His staff out in his grasp
His friends watching his back ♪♪
♪♪ 'Cause he's the Monkie Kid! ♪♪
[Mr. Tang] The thing you need
to understand
about the old legends
is that the story
is never finished.
There may be
no pages left to turn,
but there is always more
to The Journey.
[giggling]
[Mr. Tang]
Rising from the netherworld,
the Demon Bull King attacked.
[growling]
[woman whimpering]
[all screaming]
[Mr. Tang]
No one could stop him.
No one could resist.
[grunts]
[Mr. Tang] No one, except...
the legendary Monkey King.
[heroic music]
[grunts]
[yells]
[groans]
[shouting]
[growling]
[Mr. Tang]The Monkey King used
his magical Staff
to pick up a nearby mountain.
He trapped the Demon Bull King
underneath it.
The Monkey King sealed
the mountain with The Staff
that no other being could wield,
trapping the
Demon Bull King forever.
With the battle won,
the Monkey King vanished,
never to be seen again.
Legend says the staff still lies
on top of that mountain.
The one thing keeping our world
from certain destruction.
And with the
Demon Bull King gone,
civilization was able to advance
into the amazing city
we now live in.
[upbeat music]
[Mr. Tang]
A world of elegant cultures.
Gentle, loving people.
A city brimming
with five star cuisine.
And all because
of the Monkey King!
[laughs]
That's so good!
Monkey King's so cool!
He's so strong! And handsome.
Oh, MK. And you thought you knew
all the Monkey King stories.
Oh, but I do!
I got his whole life
documented extensively
in this unauthorized
auto-biography of Monkey King.
Written and illustrated
by yours truly.
[MK] Like how he was born
from a stone,
and lived behind a waterfall
with his sweet little
baby monkey friends.
And.. And... Oh!
It's nice to know someone
is taking in all these stories.
Pearls of wisdom,
dripping from my lips.
[clears throat]
Well, you know the deal.
One story, one free bowl
of jajangmien. Hm?
Huh? Oh, right, free noodles!
Yep, on it!
[MK] How heavy do you think
a mountain is,
-compared to, like...
-Free noodles?
No one gets a free meal
at Pigsy's!
I'm not running
a charity here, Tang.
Ah, but, Pigsy,
I was paying with wisdom.
Yeah? Well, wisdom don't pay
the rent, you freeloader!
-And you!
-[whimpers]
You've been slacking off
all morning.
I've got a dozen orders
that need to go out.
So quit slacking
and get packing!
Yeah, I was about to take
my break, so...
Break? Break?
There's no break in war!
I need workers.
Soldiers in the army
of Pigsy's noodles!
Home of the world's
longest noodles!
How else am I going to expand
my business
into enemy territory?
Uh, do you mean
across the street?
I stand by my statement.
Now, hurry up!
[sighs]
[Mr. Tang chomping]
[shivering]
[Pigsy] Hey! You get back here,
you coward!
-[Mr. Tang] No, Pigsy!
-[Pigsy] I want my money!
[engine starts]
[uplifting music]
[yelling]
[humming]
[Princess Iron Fan]
It feels like I've waited
an eternity for this moment.
Is everything in order?
Just making
the final adjustments, Mother.
[gasps]
[whimpering]
[Princess Iron Fan]
Finally, after all this time,
we have the means to lift
Monkey King's legendary staff.
[MK] Wow!
Monkey king's staff!
My love will finally be returned
once we remove the Staff.
Huh?
[grunts]
[screams]
[whimpering]
You fool! You think we didn't
try that already?
It's going to take
more than a few robots
to lift the Monkey King's Staff.
Only those deemed
worthy can wield it.
But I, Red Son,
have designed this gauntlet
to bend it to my will.
[gasps]
[whimpering]
[snickering]
[grunting]
[clangs]
Yes, I did it!
[all cheering]
What!? Why isn't
anything happening?
Mother, are you sure
this is the right mountain?
No. Maybe it was
that other mountain
with the magical staff
sealing away my husband.
Huh?
[rumbling]
[thrilling music]
Yes, Mother. Rise! Rise!
[evil laughter]
[snarling]
Flesh. Bone. I have returned
to the realm of the living.
No! Shoo! Go away!
Oh, Demon Bull King.
How I've missed you.
Princess Iron Fan.
The years have been kind.
How did you free me?
Actually, it was I, Father.
I moved the Staff.
I learned how to harness it,
to make its power, my...
our power.
[grunts]
Excellent.
Now, together, we,
the Demon Bull family
will plunge the world
into eternal darkness
[whimpering]
[squeals]
[screaming]
Ohh.
[stomps]
[nervous chuckle]
Someone ordered some noodles?
Ugh! Get off me, you idiot!
[MK screams]
[grunts]
Do you know what you just did?
You ruined my moment!
[stomps]
A little eavesdropper
has fallen into our midst.
It seems a waste to crush
something so insignificant
as my first act as ruler
of this new world, but so be it.
Wait, Father!
What is this?
[clears throat]
Waste not your energy
on this peasant.
Please, allow me show you
how powerful I have become
in your absence!
As you wish.
Maybe I can use this chance
to get away.
-In some ways...
-[gasps]
...you're a very fortunate,
noodle boy.
Not many insects are lucky
enough to be stamped out
-by the Demon Bull Family!
-Monkey King's Staff.
[Red Son] Are you even
listening to me?
I, Red Son,
will not be disrespected!
You're History!
[yelping]
[groans]
No way!
How could you possibly lift
Monkey King's Staff?
This is impossible.
[snarling]
Ah! I don't know
what's going on here,
but I'm about to end it!
That staff is mine!
[whimpers]
I'm supposed to be on my break!
[groans]
-This can't be.
-[Red Son screams]
[grunts]
Uh, that was way more explosive
than I expected.
Stay back!
I don't know
how I'm doing this stuff!
That Staff doesn't belong
to you, little boy.
Hand it over.
Mm, no?
Okay, I didn't even
move that time!
[yelping]
Ugh! He can't escape
with that Staff.
Centuries trapped in oblivion,
plotting my revenge.
And all of it thwarted
by a little thief!?
I will tear the flesh
from his bones!
Father, allow me.
I won't fail you a second time!
See that you don't.
[Demon Bull King]
My patience is past its end.
Of course, Father!
[clanking]
[screaming]
[whimpering]
Uhh!
All right, noodle boy,
hand it over!
I'm sorry valued customer,
you won't be getting
your noodles.
[MK] Dang it.
Fine! Have it your way.
Ah! You're really scary!
[screaming]
[grunting]
Would you get down here,
so I can kill you?
Never! Ow!
Whoa!
Aw, I'm sorry!
[laughing]
I think I lost him.
[engine sputtering]
Ohh! Come on, come on,
come on, old girl, you got this!
Oh, don't do this to me!
Oh, man.
Pigsy's gonna to kill me.
[Red Son laughing]
[screams]
So sorry, I really need
to borrow this. Bye!
Whoa! Hey, get back here!
-[zooming]
-Whoa!
I'm coming to get,
you noodle boy!
[Red Son laughing]
[snickers]
See ya!
You're not getting
away from me that easy!
[zooming]
You Hoodlum!
Come on! Where'd you get that!?
What!? You think I'd drive
anything that doesn't have
at least one
complex transformation?
[blasting]
Whoa.
Phew! Huh?
[MK screams]
[screaming continues]
You've gotta be kidding me!
[screaming]
[crashes]
[loud thud]
Noodle boy!
When I find you, I'm gonna
bust you into little bits!
Nailed it!
-Mei!
-[giggles]
That was an intense game of tag.
You guys looked like you
were having so much fun,
I wanted to join in, too!
Actually, I almost died
back there.
But you didn't!
So let's celebrate
with a round of...
Monkey Mech!
You should invite
your new edgy friend, too.
Yeah, he was trying to kill me.
Well, in that case,
where does he live?
MK! Where are you, you punk!
You mind telling me
why some bozo left
a zero star review
on Pigsy's Noodles?
Oh. Uhh, yeah, so, uh...
Here's what
I think happened with that...
Whoa, zero stars! Congrats!
That's better
than nothing, Right?
-That's not how it works, Mei!
-[giggling]
And you, I...
Where'd he go?
[MK] Mr. Tang!
[Pigsy] Hey, hey!
Don't you run away
when I'm trying to scold you!
Get back...
Hmm...
Aww, man! Not again!
[whirring]
[clanking]
[electricity crackling]
And that should about do it.
It's... heavy.
Uh, that's because
it's not powered up. Yet.
The suit absorbs energy
to create energy.
And what better source
than the magic Staff
that kept you underground.
You mean the Staff
that you lost?
Ah, yeah. It was the noodle boy!
-I...
-[Princess Iron Fan laughing]
Oh, don't toy with him, my love.
We will get it back.
I have bull clone
scouring the city.
It's only a matter of time.
And while we wait,
the furnace can convert
other things into energy.
[growling]
The more rare the item,
the more powerful Father
will become.
And once we have that staff,
he will be unstoppable!
Now to find something rare
and expensive.
Something that will give me
the power I deserve.
Mr. Tang!
-Mm?
-Ah!
Remember the story you told me
this morning
about the Demon Bull King?
Ah! Where is it? Where is it?
Where is it??
Ah! There it is!
The Demon Bull King!
See?
Ugh, kid!
What are you doing to me--
Yes?
[slurps]
-What about him?
-Oh, Piggy.
The Demon Bull King is back!
The Legend is real!
The Monkey King's Staff
is removed!
We have to find him.
It's the only way
to save everyone
before the world is destroy.
Ugh. Boy, relax.
You're getting spittle
in my soup.
Besides, you're delusional.
It's just a story.
Delusional, huh?
Would you call THIS delusional!?
Wow, MK, you found a stick.
No! It's Monkey King's Staff!
[all laugh]
You aren't listening!
Demon Bull King is out there!
We have to get this Staff back
to the Monkey King!
It's the real deal!
I'll prove it!
Oh, yeah? How?
Uhh...
Ooh, Monkey King's Staff!
I knew it all along!
The legendary weapon
that only he could wield
to seal away evil!
Wait a minute,
why do you have it?
All right, I'll bite.
If the staff is here,
then where is
the demon punk now?
He's at a shoe store.
What?
This had better not be
another one
-of your puppy videos, Mei.
-[chuckles]
There's always time
for a puppy video.
But, no.
Look what just started trending.
#DemonBullKing.
[Red Son clears throat]
We're here for
the new Yeelzabub shoes.
Yeah. You and everyone else.
Head to the back of the line.
Yeah, yes!
Do you know who he is?
That's the DBK
you're talking to!
Oh, yeah. That's cool.
Why don't you tell the people
at the back of the line?
I am Demon Bull King,
scourge of the netherworld,
and I will be taking
those shoes.
Uh! You still have
to wait in line.
I'm sorry?
You will be!
[gasps]
[growling]
[tinkling]
Do you know what's better
than limited edition?
One of a kind!
[evil laughter]
[crashing]
[growling]
[growling continues]
[laughing]
Yes! With every item absorbed,
my family comes one step closer
to total domination!
Once we get
the Monkey King's Staff,
we will be unstoppable!
Eh, Very tight!
Pigsy! Watch where you're going!
You're going to kill us!
Yeah! We've got to get
to Flower Fruit Mountain
without getting smooshed
in a car crash.
All we need to do is drive
through an entire ocean.
-Simple!
-[Mei] Guys!
Demon Bull King's
moved on to downtown!
He's destroying
the cheese tea stalls!
[MK] All the more reason to get
this Staff to Monkey King.
Flower Fruit Mountain.
It's the only place he could be.
Right, Mr. Tang?
Hmm. Indeed.
However, Flower Fruit mountain
is hidden away,
deep in dangerous
and unknown territory.
So, I guess we better turn back!
-[nervous laugh]
-[both] What?
Ah, shut it, ya big baby!
I know a guy
that can take us there.
The most dangerous. Deadly.
Rage-filled warrior
I've ever known.
[brake screeching]
[Pigsy] Sandy.
[door creaks]
[both quivering]
That's a lot to take in.
You know what I do to people
who disrupt the peace?
Serve 'em tea!
You guys want some?
You? How about
that guy over there? Eh? Eh?
[Mr. Tang] Oh, yes!
[Mr. Tang giggles]
Don't mind if I do!
Certain noodle shop owners
could learn a lot
from your hospitality, Sandy.
Oh, you're right, Piggy,
this guy is dangerous!
He'll kill us with cuteness!
It's my own blend
of anti-stress fruits.
[Sandy] It really brings
the heart rate down.
Ugh! Sandy?
What happened to you?
Where's the angry,
glass-chewing,
fist-throwing buddy
I used to know!?
Oh, well, my therapist said
I really needed to calm down.
That's why I started
drinking tea, doing yoga.
Investing in therapy cats.
Really helps.
Aw, don't you, Mo?
[chuckles]
Oh, Mister Sandy, sir?
We could really use your help.
We've gotta get
to Flower Fruit Mountain.
Please? The fate of the world
is at stake.
-Okay.
-Really?
Anything for Pigsy.
I can get you there,
but it ain't a pleasant trip.
-Yes, yes, yes!
-[Mei snickering]
-All right! Let's get moving.
-Whoo!
But I'm telling you now,
old friend, if things get hairy,
I've changed,
I don't go round
picking fights no more.
-[grunts]
-Mo!
Initiate the launch sequence!
[meows]
Launch sequence?
[meowing]
[alarm blaring]
-[rumbles]
-[whimpers]
Onwards,
to Flower Fruit Mountain!
[MK] Oh, yeah!
Hmm...
[clears throat]
[grunts]
What? You let them get away?
Oh, so your plan didn't go
"according to plan," hmm?
Oh, don't worry,
my sweet, useless boy.
Mother will get the Staff.
I'm not about
to let anyone stop us.
Not this time.
[calm music]
Halt, evil monster,
I must thwart thee!
For I am...
the Monkey King... Ugh!
[thuds]
Whoo! That was awesome!
Ahh! Sorry, Mei!
[grunting]
[groans]
Oh...
Huh?
We're here!
Flower Fruit Mountain!
[yells]
[both screaming]
[splashes]
Huh?
[MK] Whoa!
Welcome to the
flaming mountains, gang!
A volcanic ring surrounds
the mountain
making it virtually impassable.
[Sandy] This path is the only
safe way through.
That's as close
as the boat can get.
Just... be careful.
Stupid Sandy, stupid Tang,
staying cozy
in their stupid boat.
What did I do to deserve this,
noodle gods?
[shouts]
Careful, Piggy. Yhee!
You gotta wonder
why Monkey King decided
to live here of all places.
-[gasps]
-You know, when Monkey King
had to get through
the flaming mountains,
he actually used
Princess Iron Fan's Fan to blow.
[Princess Iron Fan laughing]
Well, well, well. Aren't you
a little monkey king fanboy?
[flames roaring]
[groans]
Kids! Everyone okay?
[Princess Iron Fan snickers]
I'll be taking that Staff now.
This belongs to the monkey king.
There's no way
I'm letting you take it!
[Princess Iron Fan] Oh,
you're just a little noodle boy
playing at being a hero.
Sorry to disappoint.
Playtime is over.
-Kid! No!
-[yells]
What?
[snickering]
[screaming]
No! MK!
[grunts]
Mei! We've got to go!
Sorry, kid.
[Princess Iron Fan laughing]
At last! The full power
of my beloved will be unleashed!
[thunder rumbling]
[Pigsy] He can't be gone.
He can't.
[Sandy] I'm sorry, Pigsy.
[Mr. Tang] There was nothing
we could do.
"Nothing"? "Nothing!"
I could'a done something!
I could'a...
I should've protected MK.
[sighs]
[Pigsy] It's over.
[Mr. Tang] It's not over.
We can't help MK.
But we can make sure
no more lives are lost,
make sure his sacrifice
wasn't in vain.
[Mei] Someone has to fight.
-Mei?
-[sobs]
That Demon Bully is going to...
-pay.
-[thunder rumbles]
Then what are we waiting for?
Let's go stop some bad guys!
Hmm...
-[electricity crackling]
-[clinks]
[suspenseful music]
[grunting]
[yells]
[blasts]
-[groaning]
-Hm?
[gasps]
[MK] Ah! No! Wait! Don't!
[monkeys chittering]
[panting]
[thunder rumbling]
Huh? Whoa.
Flower Fruity Mountain.
-[chomping]
-[MK grunting]
[groans]
Huh?
[dreamy music]
[chimes]
[yelps]
Hello? Hello?
Hello?
[gasps]
Whoa.
Hey, that's the Monkey King.
[whispering voice]
Sun Wu Kong.
[whimpering]
What... What's happening?
Ah, what's wrong with my eyes?
[whimpers]
[MK] Whoa.
That's Monkey King being born
from a stone!
And when he got his Staff
from the Dragon of the East!
[chuckles]
Whoa!
[yelping]
Huh?
Monkey King? Hey! Wait up!
Monkey King! It's really...
[echoing]
Monkey King?
[grunting]
Ugh. What was I thinking?
For a moment there, I thought...
[sighs]
Mr. Tang was right,
I really am delusional.
-Sup?
-[shouts]
Yes, yes, it is I, the Monkey...
[Monkey King groaning]
Is it dead?
Mo... Monkey King?
Yeah. The one and only.
So, where's my Staff?
I'm so sorry!
I tried to bring it to you,
but Princess Iron Fan came
and took it!
She's got this glove and--
I know, I know.
Look, I'm gonna come clean.
Um, I've been
kinda watching you.
What?
[gasps]
[squawks]
Wait, what? That was you!?
Ha! The look on your face!
You're perfect!
Perfect for what?
To be... my successor.
Uhh, are you sure
you're the Monkey King?
You been cooped up
in here way too long!
I think you're brain
went mushed up.
Listen, kid. You fought demons.
And you didn't die.
And you made it here.
Not just anyone
can lift my Staff.
But you did.
But what about DBK?
Pfft, ha! What about DBK?
You can handle it.
[munching]
Consider it a trial.
But I...
[sighs]
Look, if you can lift the Staff,
you can use it.
Just believe in yourself.
Even a smidge makes
all the difference.
The Staff was taken from you.
Take it back.
All right!
[yells]
-[thunder rumbling]
-How am I supposed to get back?
[sighs]
-[monkey chittering]
-[metal clanking]
[monkeys whimpering]
Huh?
Oh, yeah!
Uh, can't be too hard to fly.
It's for ages eight and up.
[engine powers up]
[MK] Whoo-hoo!
[suspenseful music]
[growling]
[evil laughter]
[gasps]
[Pigsy shouting]
[all whimpering]
[snickering]
[Mr. Tang] Oh, no,
their secret weapon! Barrels!
[yelling]
So, you wanna be heroes, huh?
Let me show you
what happens to heroes.
Ugh! I've had it up to here
with these demon punks...
I'll handle this one.
[heroic music]
-[screaming]
-MK?
[whimpering]
[grunting]
[screams]
Whoa!
[crashes]
[groaning]
[gasps]
Kid!
MK! Oh, my goodness!
We saw you blast into the fire.
I... I thought you were all,
like, pew! Ah!
But... But you're not!
Where'd you get a jet?
Way to trash it already.
Wait, Monkey King,
did you find him?
Yeah. I did!
So, where is he?
He said it's up to me. To us.
Well, that's anti-climactic.
[rumbles]
And how are we meant
to fight that?
We believe in ourselves.
You clean the streets.
I'll stop the Demon Bull King.
[blasting]
[MK] Somehow.
Yeah, this Jet probably
would'a been really useful, hey?
[clatters]
[intense music]
[MK gasps]
That'll work!!
-Go get 'em, buddy.
-Mm!
-[zooming]
-The little thief returns.
[MK grunting]
Uh... What?
Why is everything gold again?
Hmm...
The Staff!
[whimpering]
[MK yells]
[growling]
[thudding]
[evil laughter]
Now this world is truly mine!
[meows]
Huh?
[groans]
[grunting]
What is this!?
Huh? Monkey King?
[laughs]
[Demon Bull King shouting]
Ugh! Missed me! Wup!
Nope! Ahh! Over Here!
Huh?
Okay, here we go!
No.
Not again!
Enough!
[groans]
You thought you could stand
against me?
I am the Demon Bull King!
I will not let a little thief
take victory from my grasp!
[upbeat music plays]
[Monkey King]
Just believe in yourself.
Even a smidge makes
all the difference.
[Demon Bull King laughs]
[Demon Bull King] You might have
that old fool's Staff,
but you are not the Monkey King.
You're right.
I'm the Monkey Kid!
[clanking]
[action music]
It's time for you
and your family
to be brought to justice.
Here comes Monkey Kid!
[yelling]
[creaking]
[grunts]
Impossible.
Nothing is impossible
if you just believe in yourself.
Make no mistake.
You just got MK-O'd!
[Red Son coughs]
You think this is over!?
It isn't over, bozo.
Why don't you get out
of that dorky mech
and fight me, you coward?
[whimpering]
We know when we've been bested.
But this won't be the last
you see of us, noodle boy.
[evil laughter]
What? No! No fair!
Come on, you can't just run away
when I'm right about to win!
[Mei] MK?
You totally kicked DBK's butt!
Without us,
this city'd be toast!
[chuckles]
Yeah.
But, you know, I couldn't have
done it on my own.
-[gasps]
-You did it, little man.
You're basically
the new Monkey King now.
[laughs]
Monkey Kid, didn't you say?
Ohh! You did good, kid.
You did real good!
But, uh, what now?
Isn't it obvious?
Yeah.
Bust up more bad guys!
Or we go eat some noodles.
[kids] Yeah!
Noodles, noodles, noodles!
[closing theme music]